documentation/react_client_doc/index.md, before:

# React Client

Frontend is built with React, Typescript, Redux toolkit.

<!-- ## means these are Subheadings, will be included in the sphinx home page, ### or more # are not included -->
## Libraries Used

React, Express, React toolkit, nodejs.

### How to enable Redux

- Feature 1: Describe feature 1.
- Feature 2: Describe feature 2.
- Feature 3: Describe feature 3.

### Concepts:
- **Use effect**: To run some functions once, or every time some state changes. if the dependency in the dependency array changes, the function will run. if the dependency array is empty, it will run after component rendered for the first time, for once ONLY. Can optionally be used to cleanup unmounting, have to use this feature.
- **Redux toolkit**: To efficiently emit/dispatch events to update state of the app centrally, and get the state centrally.

<!-- ## Getting Started

Instructions on how to get a copy of your project up and running on a local machine.

### Prerequisites

List any prerequisites that need to be installed and provide commands to install them.

```bash -->
<!-- npm install -->

Commit message:

added swagger for some endpoints, movie list page is now working

documentation/react_client_doc/index.md, after:

# React Client

Frontend is built with React, Typescript, Redux toolkit.

<!-- ## means these are Subheadings, will be included in the sphinx home page, ### or more # are not included -->
## Libraries Used

React, Express, React toolkit, nodejs.

### How to enable Redux

- Feature 1: Describe feature 1.
- Feature 2: Describe feature 2.
- Feature 3: Describe feature 3.

### Concepts:
- **Use effect**: To run some functions once, or every time some state changes. if the dependency in the dependency array changes, the function will run. if the dependency array is empty, it will run after component rendered for the first time, for once ONLY. Can optionally be used to cleanup unmounting, have to use this feature.
- **Redux toolkit**: To efficiently emit/dispatch events to update state of the app centrally, and get the state centrally.
- **Scoped styling**: Used emotion styled component for scoped styling. We first create a Container with the css, and then create the actual component with the container component. Example found in Movies-All.tsx. Emotion styling can be done with emotion/style or emotion/css. emotion/style has built in typescript support. emotion/css, needs to be configured, it does not easily support typescript.

#### Findings:
- for some unknown reason, in the react docker file if the directory is /app, then nothing installs, therfore
i set the working directory as /app2

<!-- ## Getting Started

Instructions on how to get a copy of your project up and running on a local machine.

### Prerequisites

List any prerequisites that need to be installed and provide commands to install them.

```bash -->
<!-- npm install -->
